# Datasets

`def_examples.RDS` contains the example displayed in the manuscript, including each Rt scenario `Rt_case`, the corresponding generated incidence sequences `incidence` with its mean `mean`, the incidence distribution `dist`, the true Rt values `trueRt`, indices of timepoints `time`, and the epidemics whose serial interval distributions are used. Code used to generate the examples is included in the supplementary file. `def_examples_estimates.RDS` contains all columns in `def_examples.RDS`, and also have the columns of estimates, lower bound and upper bound of 95\% confidence intervals of all methods. `def_examples_estimates_long.RDS` is the long version of `def_examples_estimates.RDS` with all Rt estimates, lower bounds, or upper bounds saved in single columns. 

`Rt_reduced_results_all.RDS` contains all experimental results for accuracy comparison. `CI_result_reduced_all.RDS` contains all experimental results for confidence interval coverage. `raw-exp-results` contains all raw experimental results. To reduce redundancies in the raw data, we remove experiments with missing output. Also, since one data is solved by several methods, if the experiment uses the data that causing other methods to expire in running, these experiments are excluded as well.

`dat_cancovid_fitted.RDS` provides Rt estimates with the corresponding 95\% confidence intervals for Covid-19 incident data (which is available in our software through `rtestim::cancovid` in R) in Canada from Jan 23, 2020 to Jun 28, 2023. `dat_flu_fitted_long.RDS` provides Rt estimates with their 95\% confidence intervals for Flu in 1918 in the U.S., which is available in the package `EpiEstim`.

`can_pred_class.RDS` provides the dominant Covid-19 variants in Canada between 2020-01-23 and 2023-06-28 to be used in data application in the manuscript and supplement. Details are provided in the [section](https://dajmcdon.github.io/rtestim/articles/delay-distributions.html#variant-specific-delays) of variant-specific delays in the article of delay distributions in our software  [rtestim](https://dajmcdon.github.io/rtestim/index.html). `delay-distns-byvar.RDS` provides the delay distributions for each dominant variant from the meta analysis by [Xu et al.](https://bmcmedicine.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12916-023-03070-8).
